# Python-Selenium-BDD-Framework-Behave-
This repository has everything you could possibly need for Selenium automation.
This framework is built on the Python programming language and utilises behave to write scenarios. 
Additionally, it can handle Excel and CSV files.


Any successful automated testing process must include testing frameworks. They will provide a higher return on investment (ROI) for QA teams looking to optimize their agile processes by lowering maintenance costs and testing efforts. 

 

I have created this BDD framework, which includes all of the features and tools required for automation testing. 

  

The framework is available on GitHub, and the link to that repo is here. 

  

This Framework's Features: 

  

- This is a BDD framework written in Python. 

  

- This framework employs the PAGE OBJECT Model and behave tool. 

  

- You can use Excel to read the data that is needed for testing. 

  

- Reports for designed testcases can also be generated using the Allure report genrating tool. 

 

Note on Framework Files And Directories: 

 

This framework was created using the behave tool. Behave is a Python programming language tool for behavior-driven development (BDD). In an Agile development framework, BDD fosters a culture in which testers, developers, business analysts, and other project stakeholders can contribute to software development. 

  

In short, both technical and non-technical people contribute to the overall project. Behave's tests are written in plain text, with the implementation logic written in Python. 

  

In This Framework You Will See The Following Files: 

  

Feature files that contain behavior-related use cases and are created by a business analyst or any project stakeholder. 

  

File for implementing the scenarios defined in the feature file. 

  

Environment Setup files that specify which pre/post conditions should be executed before and after the steps, features, scenarios, and so on. 

Behave.ini file: T This is a behave configuration file. To control the behavior of the behave tool, a few commands are used. These commands can be mentioned in this file. 

Page – This is where I keep the code logic. This directory contains a Python class that inherits the BasePage class's properties, and its functions are used in the step files. 

Output.txt file (Optional) – Here you can log the data that you want to store. You can also use the Logging library to log the data.  

Plain.output - This is an automatically generated file. This file is generated by the format = plain line in the "behave.ini" file, and it contains runtime execution data. 

 

Allure Test Reports:  

 

The allure-behave tool can be used to generate test reports. For your convenience, I've attached a few generated reports. 

You can run the following commands to generate the allure reports.  

$ pip install allure-behave 
$ behave -f allure_behave.formatter:AllureFormatter -o %allure_result_folder% ./features 
$ allure serve %allure_result_folder% 

 

How To Execute Designed Test Cases?  

 

There are two ways to execute the test cases those are as follows:  

You can add runner.py file to this framework and run that file as mentioned in the following link.  

Or you can simply use your command prompt to run the test cases.  

For example, let's say you wrote feature file named login_activity.feature and now you want to execute all the scenarios that are written in this file then you can simply execute the following line of the command.  

$ behave features/ login_activity.feature 

2ned Secnario:  

Assume there are multiple scenarios in the login activity.feature file and you only want to run one of them. In that case, you can assign a specific tag name to that scenario and then enter that tag name in the command line. just as shown in the following command. 

$ behave features/ login_activity.feature --tags=tag_name 

 

Happy Testing 😉  

 
